[Squawks] ♪♪ [Stereo:
Woman Singing Ballad]
♪ The way down
♪ [Clay Gasps] Shit.
♪ To the bottom ♪♪
Ow. Let me.
Come on. Let me do it.
[Sighs]
[Grunts]
Cortisone helping?
I'm fine without it.
I know.
[Gasps]
[Grunts] [Sighs] Good.
When you back? Tomorrow.
Be safe.
Thanks.
♪♪ [Continues. Indistinct]
Maybe some time
away will help you. huh?
Get past whatever this is.
Maybe.
What's the run? Blood drive...
Children's Hospital in Eureka.
Sam Crow. community servants.
That's what we're
all about. baby.
Yeah.
[Abel Crying]
Aw.
My boy. The master of timing.
I love you.
I love you too.
I got him.
[Sighs]
[Crying Stops]
[Footsteps Approaching]
[Jax] Here we go.
[Cooing] Here we go.
What?
I'm your old lady.
[Laughs]
Come on. Let's get you
some breakfast. huh?
Get you big and strong.
♪♪ [Man Singing
Rock. Indistinct]
[Man] Have you got it all?
[Man #2] Yeah. we got everything
we're gonna need... beer. food.
Hey. Didn't know
you were ridin'.
Clay wants me on the relay.
- Mary with the kids?
- The kids are fine. Jax.
- [Motorcycle Revving.
Backfiring]
- Right.
[Chibs] Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
[Half-Sack] Hey.
all right. [Whistles]
Hey. it's an old fat
boy on an old fat boy.
- Sorry.
- I thought you put
that beast to sleep.
This fat boy ain't even
reached his prime.
- Barely looks like it can
reach the end of the lot.
- Best bike for a long ride.
And I'd put it up against
any of your pretty Dynas.
You hittin' the gay
rodeo on the way?
[Half-Sack] Yee-haw!
[Opie] It's Captain Chaps.
- [Laughter]
- Cowhide can take the man-hide.
[Tig] Get in line. Brokeback.
[Half-Sack] Oh.
man. really? [Jax] Shit!
Aw. goddamn. man. Come
on. I gotta ride behind that thing?
Shut up. You should be used to
getting sprayed in the face. Prospect.
[Jax] Usually by
Bobby. Eat me. Chibs.
The thing is. I like a full scrote
when I snack on someone.
- Tasty.
- Oh. is that right? Yeah.
Okay. well. pretty
soon you can have that.
- Are you gonna spontaneously
sprout a nut?
- [Jax] Boing.
No. [Jax] What.
what. what. what?
- Gettin' a neuticle.
- Gettin' a what?
[Bobby] You're gettin'
a musical? Musical?
A fake ball. A
neuticle. It's an implant.
Give me a sense of
symmetry. Balance.
- [Laughter]
- Are you for real?
Oh. yeah. I'm just waitin' for
the V.A. insurance to clear.
You're getting a
glass ball? No. no.
It's not glass. It's
like a... What is it?
It feels real. Like. uh.
soft. you know? Squishy.
Like. it's not...
Like a real ball.
[Mooing]
I don't even know... Come on. I
don't even know what that means.
[Indistinct] It's
modern technology.
[Chattering]
Try to be open here.
okay? I'll be gentle.
Okay. real mature. guys.
Yeah. you're a class act. Chibs.
- What?
- You don't wanna know.
Really.
- Hey. Bobby.
- Yeah?
Shoulder gonna hold up?
Yeah. the shoulder's good.
Hey. uh. appreciate you takin'
care of the garage while I'm gone.
- No problem.
- Tell the boys
they can log some O.T.
- I don't wanna get buried.
- I'll keep an eye on her.
I. uh... I know she's
been... She's fine.
You just worry about the cars.
They got my full attention.
What do you say. Prez?
Let's go save the children.
- [Cheering]
- Come on. boys!
♪♪ [Rock Beat]
[Shouting. Cheering]
[Man] ♪ We're going riding ♪
♪ In the neighborhood ♪
[Car Alarm Beeping]  ♪
We're gonna be free. yeah ♪♪
♪♪ [Continues. Indistinct]
[Man] ♪ Riding
through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
♪♪ [Rock Beat]
[Man] ♪ Mmm. yeah ♪
♪♪ [Man Singing. Indistinct]
♪♪ [Fades. Ends]
Military surplus as cover...
Wish we thought of that.
- It's Edmond. Boy's a genius.
- [Chibs] Oh. yeah?
Must take after his mother.
Obviously.
- [Clay] How do we carry?
- Ten guns in each.
Roll it up. Strap it on.
Just a biker with a bedroll.
Six riders. five dozen.
That's a good haul.
Runs are set up for the next
three months. One every two weeks.
We try to cover as many runs
as we can with charity rides.
Cops never mess with us
when we're... serving humanity.
Rest of the time. travel in
twos. stay off the main roads...
Should be no problem.
The 32... Real pleased the way
this worked out with Sam Crow.
Well. you tell the
scabby fence boys...
I'm all about the cause.
You can tell 'em yourself.
[Cameron] Edmond.
Jimmy O. some of
the Falcarragh crew...
might be comin'
stateside. time allows.
[Speaking Irish Dialect]
Their day will come.
[Telephone Ringing]
Oh. shit.
Yeah? Hold on.
- Mail.
- Just drop it there.
Anything I can do?
Hunt down the keys to the
gold Sebring. Sure. darlin'.
Right this way. sweet cheeks.
Thanks. Hmm.
♪♪ [Radio: Man
Singing Rock. Faint]
[Indistinct Conversations]
Good morning.
You looking for Sherman's?
They closed last month.
Hope it wasn't a return.
Sorry. ma'am.
[No Audible Dialogue]
[Horn Honks]
[Woman] 'Scuse
me. Are you leaving?
[Horn Honks]
- [Brakes Screech]
- [Horn Honks]
Are you leaving. or what?
[Horn Honks]
- [Hammer Clicks]
- Oh. shit!
♪♪ [Mid-tempo Heavy Metal Beat]
[Man] ♪ Now ♪
[Engine Backfiring]
- [Tires Squealing]
- [Yells]
- Come on!
- [Backfires]
[Groans]
- [Tires Squealing]
- Oh. shit!
[Clay] Hey! Who's down?
[Half-Sack] Tig! Tig!
Tig. you all right?
Shit. Tig. Tig!
[Car Door Opens]
I got a disturbing
call from a woman.
Says you pulled a
gun on her. [Laughs]
Yeah.
That's it? Just... yeah?
I didn't shoot her.
Wh-What the hell am I
supposed to do with that?
You gonna hit a
bank or something?
It's what they were
wearing. Who?
Oh. Jesus.
Yeah. someone dropped
it in our mailbox today...
In the Sherman's bag.
They're just
trying to rattle you.
Sherman's. Holy shit. Zobelle.
Look. I'm sorry about the gun.
Come on. Lemme...
Lemme take you home.
There's somethin' I
gotta do. [Engine Starts]
I'll be okay. Whoa. whoa.
whoa. Wanna give me the gun?
Sure. I'll return it later.
He's stable. Get
him to Admitting.
- Sorry. man.
- You just get patched up.
We'll come by after the drop.
I'm gonna shove that
bike so far up your ass...
Gonna be just... fine.
You tend to his
every beck and call.
Wipe his goddamn ass. if
that's what he wants you to do.
Call Piney. Tell him we got two
bikes down. Gonna need the flatbed.
That's you. Call Piney.
I got it. I can take it.
I said I got it.
What the hell are you talkin'
about. you can't take him?
Mr. Trager has basic coverage.
He can only be admitted
to a hospital in his plan.
He's bleedin' in your hallway.
I'm sorry. We'll have to
transfer him to Red Bluff.
He's stable enough to travel.
How about you give
him some pain meds?
I can give him some Advil.
He's got a gash the size
of your attitude on his leg.
Got enough Advil for that?
How much longer? There's
good news and bad news.
You're stable enough to travel.
What do you mean? Travel where?
Well. that's the bad news. We
gotta move you to another hospital.
- H.M.O. bullshit!
- Christ. Come on.
Stitch me up!
Sons of bitches!
Call Red Bluff. We need this
guy shuttled... Quicker. the better.
Okay. [Man On P.A.]
Orderly to the blood bank.
Hey. it's me. Run this name
through your database?
Alexander Trager.
[Bell Dings]
♪♪ [P.A.: Classical]
Oh. Chief.
We're. uh. not
open for a few days.
but is there something
I can help you with?
Not lookin' for smokes.
I know who you are. What you do.
If you're referring to the League
of American Nationalists...
I'm not talkin' about what
you do with a suit and tie.
I'm talking about what you
do with the rubber masks.
I'm afraid you
have me at a loss.
Things work themselves around.
Your time will come.
That sounds like a threat.
Charming's a special town.
Not many folks take to it.
I like to think the town
chooses its occupants.
Right ones stay.
wrong ones disappear.
I hate Kaiser.
Oh. shit. That bitch still
has your insurance card.
I got it.
Where the hell is that
deadbeat hospital?
Find out. What do
you want me to do?
Find out. Ask
who's ever in there.
Clay said your task
is to be my bitch.
He did? Yeah. I got one request.
You leave that piece-of-shit
fat boy on the side of the road.
Dude. that is my...
Side of the road.
That is my baby. That is the first
bike... No. You almost killed me.
- [Men Shouting]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Get up. On your knees.
- Get off me!
- Jesus!
Goddamn it! Bobby!
- Tig! Tig!
- Watch my leg. you dick.
- Don't worry. We'll find you.
- Bobby! Bobby!
[Half-Sack] Shit!
[Backfires] Damn bike.
Follow 'em!
Don't lose him.
[Clay] Where the
hell were you guys?
And you just let 'em...
No. no. You just wait there.
You've done enough
goddamn damage today.
- What?
- Bounty hunters...
Just picked up Tig.
What the hell for?
They didn't stop to say.
Half-Sack's trailin'
'em. Jesus Christ.
How does that happen?
- Ask the Jew in leather.
- Could have been
the hospital.
Bounty hunters'll pay admins to
call in names on nefarious types.
If Tig had an outstanding
warrant. I'd know about it.
Might be out of state. Bounty's big enough.
they could be haulin' his ass to Maine.
- We gotta go after him.
- We got a delivery to make.
Hey. the bondsmen
have no jurisdiction.
There's nothin' to stop us takin'
him back. What's stoppin' us...
is six bedrolls full
of illegal handguns.
We go after him
now. we got a chance.
He crosses state lines...
Tig was here. he'd
vote to deliver the guns.
We dump the bedrolls somewhere
safe. Relay gets pushed by a few hours.
We're goin'.
- Maybe we should call a vote.
- Vote all you want.
I'm delivering the
guns. [Engine Starts]
[Engine Catches. Misses]
Goddamn it. Shit!
I got it. I got it.
[Grunts]
- [Jax] On three. - Ready?
Some days I can't even
get my dick outta my pants.
That's what prospects are for.
[Laughs]
Yeah.
You all right?
Family?
I guess.
The road helps.
Reminds me of why I signed up
for all this bullshit in the first place.
Amen. bro.
We gotta go get Tig.
This thing between
you and Jax...
I don't know what it is. but it's
pulling focus from what we are.
I'm with you either way.
He okay?
He just needs to know
we've got his back.
Let's go get Tig.
[Engines Start]
[Woman On P.A.]
Dr. Evans to first floor lounge.
- I got your page.
- Chief Unser
is looking for you.
Is everything okay?
You tell me.
You seem to get a lot of
visitors. both sides of the law.
Dr. Pillman. 5-3-0-7.
Chief?
Didn't mean to pull
you away from anything.
What is it?
Gemma. Something happen?
She's... out of sorts.
It's a matter of time
before she hurts someone.
Herself.
But I'm not sure
how to help her.
She has to talk to somebody
about what happened.
I tried.
You care about her.
Known her since she was 12.
[Chuckles] Me and
Emily Koza is the ones...
that tried to talk her
out of running away.
She split when she was 16.
Came back 10 years later with
a baby and a motorcycle club.
Sort of like you did. except
without the baby and such.
Yeah.
You and Jax seem
to be doing okay.
Yeah. We're trying
to figure it out.
What do you... make of us?
The doctor and biker.
Seen stranger pairings.
Uh. excuse me.
Cardio-respiratory tech is
looking for you. Thank you.
Don't think on it too hard. Doc.
Come across somethin'
don't make you miserable.
enjoy it.
[Indistinct Conversation]
You guys take a break.
[Indistinct] It's all good.
[Cell Phone Ringing]
[Beeps]
[No Audible Dialogue]
[Grunts]
[Sniffs]
No one's gonna tell me
why I got scooped up?
Nothin'?
No small talk? No "Hundred
Bottles of Beer on the Wall"?
"Row. Row. Row Your Boat"?
Wow.
[Sighing] Wow. Okay.
I'll start.
I'm guessin' you played
college ball there. baldy.
Offensive line.
Too much of a
pussy to make the pro.
- and too stupid to graduate.
- Shut your mouth. asshole.
Oh. you are clearly in it because
of your aggression issues.
- You hear what he said?
- And you're at least
half a fag.
You're probably in love
with him. and this job...
[Lisping] It's your
way of staying close.
- [Groans]
- Knock it off!
We don't collect if we
bring him in beaten.
It's Oregon.
Oregon?
I've got nothing outstanding
in Oregon. 2001...
Assault and indecent exposure
inside a livestock transport. [Chuckles]
Shit!
Thought that got squashed. Nope.
You skipped on a $40.000 bond.
Sick bastard. [Sighs]
You're dyin' to
ask me. aren't you?
Go ahead.
- Bet you got
half a stiffie. Oprah.
- Gag him.
- Mmm.
- [Man Groans]
Jesus Christ! Break it up!
Okay. okay.
- Aaah! [Groans] -
Crazy son of a bitch.
- Get him outta here now.
- Get off of me!
Get me outta here. [Grunting]
[Tig Groaning]
[Groans]
[Laughing] What are you...
What are you hittin' me for?
I was cooperatin'.
Shit.
[Laughing]
Whoo!
Where are the bounty hunters?
They got Tig maybe two
miles down the road at a hotel.
Talk to Gemma?
I tried to get ahold of her...
and let her know I was
comin' up here. but nothin'.
Where the hell is
she? I don't know.
Your old lady doesn't take
kindly to people prying into her shit.
Yeah.
I. uh... I had Dog and
Clayton lock the place up...
in case she doesn't get back.
All right. Hey.
Thanks. old man.
Sure.
They got Tig in a motel about two
miles down the road. Four of 'em.
- Sporting heavy hardware.
- First floor. Room 12.
Why did they stop at
a motel? I don't know.
They beat the shit out of Tig on the side
of the road. The motel was the next stop.
That crazy prick
must've provoked 'em.
- Can't bring him in
beat up to a pulp.
- So they're patchin' him up.
A'ight. let's go handle
this. They hit a motel.
They got a long ride ahead of them.
They're gonna be there for a while.
Call up the run.
Tell the boys from
Tacoma. get back down here.
That's gonna take hours.
We gotta do this now.
No. He's right.
We don't know how long they're
gonna keep him there. In broad daylight?
This is the way we
stay off the radar. right?
We're gonna be doin' runs up here every
two weeks... with a blanket full of guns.
And bringin' five more guys into
the mix is gonna make it low-profile?
We wait until dark.
Somebody goes out for food...
We don't know they're
gonna be here after dark.
We got eight on four.
You heard Bobby.
They're armed to the
teeth. We have no idea
what kind of firepower
they're sittin' on.
We got handguns.
We got surprise.
Call the guys. Call a vote.
You don't call a vote. Don't
lay your goddamn hands on me!
Hey. you two. come
on! Everybody's fried.
And it's my fault.
I got Tig hurt.
Stupid shit.
But everybody's
got to calm down.
Huh?
Have a smoke. Take a walk.
Everybody. clear your
head. [Engine Starts]
Where you goin'? You wanna
get this done. jump on the back.
This is bad. I got a feeling
it's about to get worse.
- Chibs. Sack. come on!
- What's up?
Shit kickin'. I'm in.
Whoa.
[Clay] Where the hell you goin'?
♪♪ [Heavy Metal Beat] Shit!
[Sighs] Got worse quick.
We have a plan
here? Ask the old man.
All right. hang on. guys.
Well. it's a simple plan.
Shit! Arm up. ladies.
Yeah!
♪♪ [Man Singing. Indistinct]
- [Chibs] Let's go!
- Don't move!
[Chibs] Or we'll
blow your balls off!
Hey. guys. Listen.
I gotta tell ya...
It's been a lot of fun. Really
gotta go. This is my ride.
I just wanna thank
you for everything.
And hopefully we can
do it again sometime.
[Chibs] Go! Go!
[Half-Sack] Go. go! Go!
[Laughing]
[No Audible Dialogue]
[Cell Phone Rings]
Hello? Hey. buddy.
Good. How was practice?
Oh. that's awesome. Cliffy.
I told you... You focus.
shit happens. right?
Yeah. Absolutely.
Should be.
Well. you help your
brother with that.
[Laughs]
Cliffy. just get it done.
All right. buddy. All right.
See you later.
[Car Door Closes]
[Engine Starts]
[Sighs]
[Car Drives Off]
You think I got a death wish?
Sounds like some
crazy shit. brother.
- No comment?
- Just a little cautious.
I guess.
Not sure what I say ain't
gonna land in Clay's ear.
- What the hell
does that mean?
- You tell me. bro.
Don't drag me into whatever bullshit you
got goin' on with step-daddy. all right?
Yeah.
I know you're pissed. but
the guys were right this time.
That motel was a quick stop.
I would have been in Oregon by the
end of the day. Take him to St. Thomas.
Hopefully that's in your plan.
You know. this isn't
on Jax. It was my idea.
Just have to
blame it on the. uh.
dementia.
[Laughs]
Oh. shit.
Gonna be a long ride. Tigger.
Got another straw?
There you go.
Guys are one short. Yeah. we
laid a bike down outside of Chico.
We got all the cargo though.
I figured it'd be
Tig. Is he whole?
Yeah. We're perfect.
All right. guys. pack it up.
[Man] Hey. all cool. brother.
[Man #2] Right.
Right. Yeah. man.
Right on.
Cool.
[Man] They're good.
Strap those on tight.
[Knocking]
[Wayne] Gemma? [Knocking]
It's Wayne.
Hey.
Oh. yeah. Right.
You do know the serial
number's been ground off that.
[Scoffs] Anonymity suits me.
Prefer it didn't end
up in your bag again.
Not sure I can
make that promise.
I got no idea how
to help you. Gemma.
All I can do is my job.
I ain't gonna let nothin'
else bad happen to you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Night. Night.
[Door Shuts]
[Chattering. Laughing]
[Woman] Whoo! ♪♪ [Rock]
Easy there. darlin'.
That one's got a glass ball.
It's actually a crystal ball.
Allows me to see
the future of my penis.
How's that workin' out for you?
It's doin' pretty good.
You roll a shitty-assed joint.
A masterpiece.
We get back. I'm gonna
lock Jax and Clay in a room.
Gotta work this shit
out. It's more than that.
Jax has gotta get over
his dead daddy shit.
Bollocks. Clay can't deal
with the fact he's gettin' older...
and the kid's pushin' him out.
Clay's not goin' anywhere.
I didn't know what the old man was
up to till we were crashin' through.
I don't give a shit about today.
Where does this go tomorrow?
Next week?
Where's what go?
Your need to undermine
my every goddamn play.
I got no need to undermine you.
Things I call out are
about the club. Nah.
About you and me.
Yeah. Maybe they are.
Guess I gotta get
right with you...
What you did.
Yeah.
You do.
Well. you got
decades of experience.
Why don't you tell
me how I do that?
How I get right with you tryin' to
kill a brother behind the club's back...
Your little trigger boy blowin'
an innocent woman's head off?
Well.
you're gonna have to figure
that out for yourself. Son.
But... I'd do it soon.
'Cause if you mention
Donna or the incident again.
I'll kill ya.
English - US - Line 21